DOCS: update contributing guide with one addition of error while running make server (#7961)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/project/contributing/meshery-server.md

Once the Meshery server is up and running, you should be able to access Meshery on your `localhost` on port `9081` at `http://localhost:9081`. One thing to note, you might NOT see the [Meshery UI](#contributing-ui) until the UI code is built as well.
After running Meshery server, you will need to select your **Cloud Provider** by navigating to `localhost:9081`. Only then you will be able to use the Meshery UI on port `3000`.

**Please note**: If you get error while starting the server as **"Meshery Development Incompatible"** then follow the below guideline 👇

<a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/meshery-development-incompatible-error.png">

>   <img style= "width: 600px;" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/meshery-development-incompatible-error.png" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <img style= "max-width: 450px;" src="{{ site.baseurl }}/assets/img/meshery-development-incompatible-error.png" />
```
 Awful quality screenshot.

</a>

> Potential Solution: 
> 
> -  Go to your meshery folder in your local-system where you’ve cloned it.
> Execute: 
> 
> 
> - Restart the meshery server.
> - Make sure that `BUILD="v0.X.X"` is logged in some starting line while starting the server.
> 
> - Addionally, before restarting the server, if you like to pull the latest changes, you can do: `git pull upstream master`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Potential Solution: 
From the root of your cloned repo, execute: 

- `CTL+C` to stop Meshery Server.
- `export BUILD="v0.X.X"` prior to building Meshery Server again, setting this value to the desired Meshery version (git tag).
```
